# Retrospective Notes

## Tasks completed

* Bug fixes from last trimester
  * Cursor change #45
  * Hidden nodes #3
  * Help aids not displaying #50
* [Reviewed 3rd parties code](https://gitlab.ecs.vuw.ac.nz/ENGR301-302-2018/Project-10/VR-Network-Vis/commits/designer_changes) to see if they could be brought in to our project. #56
* Defined the [data format](https://gitlab.ecs.vuw.ac.nz/ENGR301-302-2018/Project-10/VR-Network-Vis/blob/master/Format%20definitions/H-JSON%20format) that will be used to store application data on a git back-end. #55
* Documented the teams working processes [here](https://gitlab.ecs.vuw.ac.nz/ENGR301-302-2018/Project-10/VR-Network-Vis/wikis/Iteration-Processes).

## Tasks for next iteration

[Found here](https://gitlab.ecs.vuw.ac.nz/ENGR301-302-2018/Project-10/VR-Network-Vis/milestones/6)

## Notes

It was found that the third party code stored on the GitHub maintained by Alex was essentially unusable. The issue was then closed.

Will and Rhys were away half of the lab time. The rest of the team were present for the whole time.

Jacob ended up spending more time than he would have liked on fixing the help aids. We have discussed the process of requesting help from your peers when you get stuck and updated the iteration processes document with a [new requirement](https://gitlab.ecs.vuw.ac.nz/ENGR301-302-2018/Project-10/VR-Network-Vis/wikis/Iteration-Processes#Stuck%20and%20need%20help).

Kyle and Shaun didn't have enough work and helped out with other people's issues. We have moved items from iteration 3 forward to iteration 2 to ensure that people will have work to do.

A client meeting has been proposed for Friday afternoon to run him through our updates. We also plan to prioritize a list of new features for the project with him so we will know what to focus on in iteration 4 onward.
